2024.5: Add LG Netcast breaking changes in release notes (#32566)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2024-05-01-release-20245.markdown

{% enddetails %}

{% details "LG Netcast" %}

> Turn on action for turning the TV on via a custom script
> within `configuration.yaml` has been changed to use a custom automation trigger
> `lg_netcast.turn_on` or a device trigger that can be setup from the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turn on action for turning the TV on via a custom script
within `configuration.yaml` has been changed to use a custom automation trigger
`lg_netcast.turn_on` or a device trigger that can be set up from the UI.
```
